Homework
Networks Everywhere
List three different real networks and state the nodes and links for each of them.

	Microbial interaction network: Nodes - each bacteria/Links - how the bacteria interact with each other bacteria
	Friendship networks: Nodes - each person / Links - how the friends interact with each other lol
	The brain: Nodes - neurons / Links - neurotransmitter links between each person

Your Interest
Tell us of the network you are personally most interested in. Address the following questions:

What are its nodes and links?
How large is it?
Can be mapped out?
Why do you care about it?

	In my research, I'm most interested in studying the microbial interaction network, this network governs the evolutionary pathway
	of individual microbes in a microbial system. This can be applied to complex topics like microbiota or even things as simple as
	how two different bacteria interact with each other. It can be mapped out. It's interesting because if we understand the basics of 
	microbial interaction and how it works with regards to evolutionary history, we can more accurately predict how antibiotic resistance
	will occur and which bacteria would survive in a human gut microbiota. We can predict human health, disease progression, even things like
	mood, hormones, and emotion are all affected. 
	

Impact
In your view what would be the area where network science could have the biggest impact in the next decade? Explain your answer.

	Clearly network science would be the greatest in global economic networks. Look at the Russio-Ukranian war of early 2022. This 
	was a war that was primarily fought with economic networks. Sanctions of Russia were meant to cripple their financial system, support
	of Ukranian troops with military weapons, and Russian counterattacks with cutting off other global powers from their oil supplies 
	were all things where networks were the weapons leveraged against other nation states. I can't imagine how crazy wars will be in 
	the future and I hope we don't have to come to that. 
	